feat(Toggle): Add component (#256)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: lib/components/Toggle/Toggle.migration.md

# Toggle Migration Guide

## API Changes

- `checked={boolean}` is now `on={boolean}`.
- `hideLabel={boolean}` has been removed.
- `children` are no longer accepted.

> - `position={'left'|'right'}` has been replaced by `align={left|right}`, where the arrangement still flips but the toggle is also now right aligned in the parent container. Also applies for the `toggleAfterLabel=(boolean)` in Seek Asia Style Guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `position={'left'|'right'}` has been replaced by `align={'left'|'right'}`. Please note that visual impact of these `'left'` and `'right'` values has been flipped (e.g. `position="left" is equivalent to `align="right"`), and `align="right"` also aligns the toggle to the right of its parent container. Also applies for the `toggleAfterLabel=(boolean)` in Seek Asia Style Guide.
```
